---
layout: post
title:  UDL File to test DB access
date:   2024-08-13 09:10:32 -0500
categories: SQL
---
# UDL File to test DB access

A UDL file can be used to test SQL Server connectivity on a machine that does not have traditional SQL Tools such as SQLCMD or SSMS. An example scenario where a UDL file could be useful is testing SQL Server availability between an application server and a database server. 

### To create the data link (UDL) file and test the Database connection
1.	Right-click the Windows desktop, point to New, and then click Text Document. A new file is created by default (New Text Document.txt).
2.	Open Windows Explorer, and on the Tools menu, click Folder Options. On the View tab, clear the Hide file extensions for known file types check box and then click OK.
3.	Right-click the Text Document you created in step 1, choose Rename, and then change the name and extension of the file to: testdatabase.udl
4.	A warning might appear, explaining that changing file extensions could cause files to become unusable. Disregard this warning.
5.	You can store the (testdatabase.udl) file anywhere on your system or network.
6.	Double-click the (testdatabase.udl) file or you can optionally right-click it, and then click Properties. This opens the Data Link Properties dialog box. You are now ready to connect to your data source.
Testing connectivity to a SQL server
7.	When you have opened the data link properties select the Provider tab.
8.	From the list of OLE DB Provider(s) select ‘Microsoft OLE DB for SQL Server’.
9.	Click the next button to move to the Connection tab.
10.	Enter the SQL server’s hostname in the first box. 
11.	Under ‘Enter information to log on to the server’ select one of the radio buttons...
12.	‘Use Windows NT Integrated security’ if the SQL server uses Windows authentication 
13.	‘Use a specific user name and password’ if the SQL server uses SQL authentication.
14.	Under ‘Select the database on the server’ click on the drop down list to view the databases that are available.
15.	Select the required database and click the ‘Test Connection’ button.
