---
title: Jack Donovan Resume
date: 2024-08-10 17:00:00 -400
categories: [Resume]
Tags: [resume]
---

# JACK DONOVAN  
2075 Lakewood Dr. Dunedin, FL 34698 | 303.995.9940 | JackD278@proton.me | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jack-donovan-a9965539/) | [Github](https://github.com/JD8278)  

An Expert Customer Service and Software Support Engineer with 15 years of experience and two bachelors degrees in Chemistry and Physics respectively.


## Experience

***

**INVIDI Technologies**, Denver, CO  &emsp; | &emsp; 2018 to Present  
**Application Support Engineer**

- Primary duty was to react to tickets raised by the customer’s operations team and investigate the raised issue. This typically involved using SQL Select queries commonly joining many tables and using nested and other advanced query methods. Then log analysis which would use Python and Shell commands like Grep, Awk, and Sed due to some files being multiple gigabits in size. We would then attempt to reproduce this issue on a test system commonly using Virtual Machines and also test our proposed solutions. Then communicate our findings and recommendations through the ticketing system and on calls with our customers.

- As our customer’s began to move to our new cloud SaaS product we began hosting legacy software for them in our environment, my team was tasked with monitoring the health of these servers. This took about an hour twice a week and involved checking various logs, Task manager and SQL jobs, as well as things like disk space. I created a series of Powershell and Bash scripts that would collect the information, perform a basic analysis to determine if it was in a good or bad state and send an email to our team daily. These scripts were applied to the QA and production environments and resulted in the task now taking approximately 5 minutes and allowed us to monitor it daily. 

**Custom Instrumentation Services**, Englewood, CO  &emsp; | &emsp; 2012 to 2018  
**Software Support Technician**
- A primary duty was to set up new computers with required software and configure it for each customer, test and deploy those computers to the customer. Previously the process was completely undocumented and could only be performed on one server at a time. I documented the process and established a workstation where I was able to perform the work on up to 15 servers at the same time. This documentation allowed me to help train new employees on this process in less time and with fewer mistakes.

- At one point in time a customer realized they were using an incorrect value in their calculations causing their reporting to the EPA being ~10% lower than it should be. When I corrected the data to the proper value it resulted in more than 5000 violations amounting to approximately $2.5 million in damages. As I investigated the issue we determined that the analyzer which was providing the values was not wired correctly into our PLC. As a result, I rebuilt the data using reports from the gas company and EPA standardized values reducing the number of violations to less than 7 over the past 4 years.  

## Education

***

B.S. Chemistry, University of Colorado Denver &emsp; | &emsp; May 2010

B.S. Physics, University of Colorado Denver  &ensp; &nbsp; &emsp; | &emsp; May 2010

# Technical Skills

***


|**OperatingSystems**||**VPN/RemoteAccess**||**Cloud**||**InfrastructureasCode**||
| ---: | :--- | ---: | :--- | ---: | :--- | ---: | :--- |
| Linux ||GlobalProtect||AmazonWebServices(AWS)||Terraform|
||Redhat|ExpressVPN|||Athena|Vagrant|
| Windows ||Wireshark|||DynamoDB|||
||WindowsXP|Teamviewer|||S3|**DevOps**|
||Windows7||||Redshift|*See Cloud*|
||Windows8|**OfficeTools**|||Lamda|*See Infrastructure as Code*|
||WindowsVista|MSOffice||Datadog||GithubActions|
||Windows10||Excel||
||Windows11||Word|**TicketingSystems**||**CD/CI**|
||WindowsServer||PowerPoint|JiraSupportServiceDesk||Jenkins|
||WindowsServer2008||Access|Teamsupport||Kafka|
||WindowsServer2012R2||Outlook|||Kubernetes(K8s)|
||WindowsServer2019|**Atlassian**||**ProgrammingLanguages**||
||WindowsServer2022||Confluence|C++||**IDEs**|
|MacOS|||Jira|RSLogix/Studio5000||Intellij|
||||SupportServiceDesk|Python||IDLE(Python)|
|**Networking**|||Bitbucket|||VSCode|
|GenericNetworkTroubleshooting||||**VirtualMachines(VMs)**||VSCodium|
|Routing(LinuxandCisco)||**Websites**||OracleVirtualBox|
|DH+/DH-485||Wordpress||Proxmox|
|||html/html5|||
|**Databases**||CSS||**Hardware**|
|MySQL||PHP||ComputerHardwareinstallation/Modification|
|SQLServer||||Keyboard/Video/MouseDevices(KVM)|
|NoSQL|||